
1 : So the king is probably in his castle 
3 : So he is probably this way ?
2 : I need to explore to find the king
4 : So he is probably in this castle 
0 : ok, so I need to find the king of Elae

1 : Why do you attack me ?
3 : AAAARGH why you attack me ? @#9E8##
2 : Seriously ?
4 : Go away I do not want to fight
0 : Want to fight ? Come on

Ennemy : hahaha all for the real king !!!

1 : The real king ?
3 : what are you talking about ?
2 : what ?
4 : I do not know what your talking about 
0 : I do not know who you are but no one hurt my friend

*Enter in the castle*

1 : here we go …
3 : finally
2 : So finally I he is here
4 : So king he is here ?
0 : *Smile* finally Edgar : Welcome, who are you ?


1 : I’m Infenium and this is my friends Xmarano, Pate carbo , Le racaillou and Roy  you need  us do not you ?
3 : I’m Xmarano and this is my friends infenium, Pate carbo , Le racaillou and Roy you need  us do not you ?
2 : I’m Pate carbo and this is my friends Xmarano, infenium, Le racaillou and Roy you need  us do not you ?
4 : I’m Le racaillou and this is my friends Xmarano, Pate carbo , infenium and Roy you need  us do not you ?
0 : I’m Roy and this is my friends Xmarano, Pate carbo , Le racaillou and infenium  you need  us do not you ?

Edgar : Yes, a new king from the neighboring kingdom Aixus wants to
take control of the entire country and proclaims himself as the true king

1 : Oh that why some bandit attack me , what do you want ?
3 : Oh I understand, why do you want from us ?
2 : Ok, what you want us to do ?
4 : Ok what you want ?
0 : Ok sir, I understand the situation so what you want from us ?


King : Thank you for coming, I need you to defeat the king of Aixus
for stop his desire of destruction and take over everything

1 : Where do we need to go first ?
3 : Where we need to go ?
2 : So I need to go where then ?
4 : where are we going then ?
0 : Ok I will help sir , where we need to go first ?


Edgar : You need to go first at the desert to defeat his first general and obtain information of the king 

1 : Ok, we gonna protect the kingdom for you 
3 : Ok, the kingdom is safe with us
2 : Of courses I will help you 
4 : do not worry I will help you 
0 : I’m gonna help you 

*Encounter the boss*

Boss1 : WHERE IS EDGAR???!!!

1 : We are the the soldier of the king Edgar we gonna defend him do not approach him
3 : We are here to defend the kingdom of Elae , we gonna defend him so  do not approach him
2 : We need to defend Edgar we gonna defeat you  
4 :we gonna defend him.
0 : Hi, we gonna defeat you and after ask you some questions

Boss1 : I am the chief of the west army, I will Kill you before killing Edgar 

1 : I’m 1 and with my friend we are gonna defeat you and your soldiers
3 : I do not need a name to defeat you 
2 : Pfff come on you talk to much 
4 : I will make you speak 
0 : I will defeat you with my team come here


*Fight part*

Boss1 : Howw…how…how do you defeat me and my soldier ?

1 : No one can defeat us, answer my questions now 
3 : You do not have any chance to us, answer my questions 
2 : You can’t defeat us, now answer my question
4 : Now you gonna answer our questions 
0 : say me all the answer I need now Boss1 : okay say me what you want *bleed*

1 : Where can I find your king ?
3 : Where is your king ?
2 : Where is the king of Aixus ?
4 : where is the king of your kingdom?
0 : Give me the place of your kingdom 

Boss2  : He is in the north of the continent but you need to go to the dock to take a boat and 
go in his kingdom but no one can defeat he is the strongest in the planet he is the more intelligent 

*Go away*

1 : We need to go to the desert before
3 : We need to go to the desert before
2 :  We need to go to the desert before
4 : We need to go to the desert before
0 : We need to go to the desert before
